---
layout: post
title: "R4E Social at SfN Global Connectome"
date: 2021-01-02 11:20:00 -0400
tags: [reproducibility, outreach, events, neuroscience]
post_image: 2021-01-02.png
comment: true
author: April Clyburne-Sherin, Reproducibility for Everyone Team
author_url: https://twitter.com/repro4everyone
author_image: 
author_designation:  Executive Director
author_bio: 
---

In this post, the Reproducibility for Everyone Team, announces a social event celebrating a new year of reproducibility at the SfN Global Connectome. 

##### New Year, New Vaccines, New Reproducibility Methods & Tools!

**Ring in the New Year with the [Reproducibility for Everyone][r4e] (R4E) community!** R4E will be hosting a social event at the Society for Neuroscience's virtual **SfN Global Connectome**. Let 2021 be the year you level up the reproducibility of your research!

**Date: Wednesday, January 13, 2021**

**Time: 9am EST** (6am PST / 8am CST / 9am EST / 2pm GMT / 3pm CET / 4pm SAST / 5pm EAT / 7:30pm IST / 10pm CST)

**Duration: 1 hour**    

**Register for free: [https://us02web.zoom.us/j/86001960749][register]**


###### Join the R4E SfN Global Connectome Social to:
- Connect with other neuroscientists interested in making research more reproducible!
- Apply a conceptual framework for reproducibility, replicability, and robustness of research.
- Explore practical, accessible tools and methods for advancing the reproducibility of Neuroscience research.
- Reuse and adapt the R4E modular curriculum to their own training and research needs.

R4E is a global, community-led reproducibility education initiative. We run practical and accessible events to introduce the concept of reproducibility to researchers. Following a successful workshop at SfN 2019, we are excited to run a virtual, interactive, social version for neuroscientists at the SfN Global Connectome. Join our SfN social to learn about reproducible tools and methods that can improve research by making it more efficient, transparent, and rigorous. 

R4E organizers Dr. Aparna Shah and Dr. Angela Abitua will introduce reproducible workflows & tools for organization, documentation, analysis, and dissemination. The modules include data management, ELNs, bioinformatics tools & methods, protocol & reagent sharing, data visualization, and version control. R4E volunteers will host 'themed' breakout rooms to brainstorm solutions to reproducibility-related challenges. 

Want to volunteer for R4E? We invite you to contribute as an instructor, a content creator, a sponsor, or conference organizer! It is easy to [get involved][joinus]. Join our next R4E community meeting or let us know you wish to be involved by [filling out this short form][shortform]!


[r4e]: https://repro4everyone.org/
[register]: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/86001960749
[joinus]: https://repro4everyone.org/pages/join/
[shortform]: https://forms.gle/o3qG65w8bfj7Kq9L6